EXHIBIT 10.6

 DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

 THIS DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made by and between Electric City Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Company") and Electric City of Illinois LLC ("Distributor") this 7th day of September, 1999.

 RECITALS

 A. The Company's Business. The Company is presently engaged in the business of selling an energy efficiency device, which is referred to as an "Energy Saver" which may be improved or otherwise changed from its present composition (the "Products"). The Company may engage in the business of selling other products or other devices other than the Products, which will be considered Products if Distributor exercises its options pursuant to Section 7 hereof.

 B. Representations. As an inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement, the Distributor has represented that it has or will have the facilities, personnel, and financial capability to promote the sale and use of Products. As an inducement to Distributor to enter into this Agreement the Company has represented that it has the facilities, personnel and financial capability to have the Products produced and supplied as needed pursuant to the terms hereof.

 C. The Distributor's Objectives. The Distributor desires to become a distributor for the Company and to develop demand for and sell and distribute Products solely for the use within the State of Illinois, including but not limited to public and private entities, institutions, corporations, public schools, park districts, corrections facilities, airports, government housing authorities and other government agencies and facilities (the "Market").

 D. The Company's Appointment. The Company appoints the Distributor as an exclusive distributor of Products in the Market, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

 1. ESTABLISHMENT OF DISTRIBUTORSHIP

 1.1 Grant and Acceptance. Company hereby appoints Distributor as Company's exclusive distributor within the Market and grants to Distributor the exclusive right to sell and distribute Products within the Market, and Distributor hereby accepts such appointment and such grant, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Distributor acknowledges that customers of other distributors of the Products may have sites, locations or operations in the Market, which will use the Products. Distributor will sell any and all Products required by such customers in the Market to those customers. Distributor also acknowledges that if its customers have sites, locations or operations outside the Market, in the market of another exclusive distributor of the Products, those customers will be required to purchase products from the applicable exclusive distributor in that market; otherwise, Distributor shall be free to sell to its customers in any market which does not have another exclusive distributor.

 1.2 License. The Company hereby grants the Distributor the right to do business and use the name "Electric City of Illinois" or a similar variation thereof (collectively the "Names") for use under this Agreement. Distributor may file with the appropriate state and local authorities assumed name certificates as required. Copies of all documents relating to the use of the Names shall be forwarded to the Company. Upon termination of this Agreement Distributor shall have no further right to the Names and said License to use the Names shall terminate. Distributor shall have no right to sublicense the Names or to do business under any other names without the Company's prior approval in writing. The parties acknowledge that the terms herein consist of there terms for Illinois. At the request of either party, a new agreement reflecting the terms and conditions of this Agreement, may be executed for each state or entity representing each state.

 1.3 Term. The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter. If Distributor complies with all of the terms of this Agreement, the Agreement shall be renewable on an annual basis for one (1) year terms for up to another ten (10) years on the same terms and conditions as set forth herein. All renewals of this Agreement shall be on the same terms and conditions as are set forth herein.

 1.4 Company's Obligation. Company shall sell and deliver as provided in Section 2.3 of this Agreement to Distributor on the price terms set forth in this Agreement or as amended from time to time such quantity of Products as Distributor from time to time orders from Company. Company shall promote and advertise the Products generally, at its own expense, and shall furnish Distributor copies at all advertisement and promotional materials.

 1.5 The Distributor's Obligation. The Distributor, at its own expense, shall promote the distribution, sales, and use of Products in the Market.

 1.6 Distributor's Terms and Minimum Expectations. In order to maintain the exclusive rights to sell, lease, distribute and service Products in the Market, the Distributor must use all commercially reasonably efforts to purchase for sale to subdistributors the following minimum quantities of the Products from the Company:

 On the commencement of the Term Distributor will issue to the Company an irrevocable letter of credit ("LC") in the amount of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000), the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference. The LC shall have a two (2) month term, and shall be renewed for five (5) consecutive bimonthly periods. A minimum of a $250,000.00 purchase order must be received by Company by the first of each month for a total (12) month period. The Company may draw funds from the LC to pay for Distributor's purchases, which are not paid according to the terms in Section 2.7. Prices for the EnergySaver units are

 Page -2-

provided by the Company as Exhibit C. The Company will be entitled to draw against the LC pursuant to the terms of the LC.

 (A) 375 units in the first Product Year (1999)

 (B) 750 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2000)

 (C) 937 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2001)

 (D) 1,171 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2002)

 (E) 1,463 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2003)

 (F) 1,828 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2004)

 (G) 2,285 units in the next succeeding Product Year; (2005)

 (H) 2,856 unit each in the lat three years of the initial Term of this Agreement and any renewals thereof.

 For purposes of this Agreement, a Product Year shall be the twelve (12) month period following the commencement of the initial Term of this Agreement and each twelve (12) months thereafter. Distributor's expected sales shall include the purchase of the Samples as defined hereinafter.

 Sales in excess of the expected sales which are actually made in a Product Year may be applied to meet the expectations for the next Product Year. Any such carry-over from one year to the next Product Year may not be considered in determining whether there is a carry-over from that next Product Year. Thus, by way of example and not limitation, if there was an expectation of 50 in year one and 200 for year two and 60 units are sold in year one and 195 units are sold in year two, the expectation for year two will have been met, but there will be no carry-over to year three. If the Distributor shall fail to purchase the minimum number of units in any year, the Distributor's exclusive rights to sell and distribute the Product in the Market, may at Company's sole option, be reevaluated.

 Company agrees that Distributor shall not be liable or subject to reevaluation for failure to meet expectations due to any occurrence beyond Distributor's reasonable control, including, but not limited to, Acts of God, fires, floods, wars, sabotage, accidents in shipping, labor disturbances,

weather conditions, governmental regulation, lack of Company performance, delay by Company, failure of Company to honor warranties or otherwise materially support the Products.

 The aggregate units to be sold on an annual basis described above are for the Illinois distributorship on an aggregate basis.

 1.7 Relationship of Parties. The relationship between the Company and the Distributor

 Page -3-

 is that of vendor and vendee. This Agreement does not create the relationship of principal and agent between the Company and the Distributor for any purpose whatsoever. This Agreement shall not be construed as constituting the Distributor and the Company as partners, joint venturers, or as creating any other form of legal association or arrangement which would impose liability upon one party for the act or omission of the other party. Neither party is granted any express or implied right of authority by the other party to assume or to create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of or in the name of the other party, or to bind the other party in any manner or thing whatsoever.

2. PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS

 2.1 Orders. The Distributor shall order Products from the Company on a purchase order form mutually acceptable to the Company and Distributor and which is consistent with Exhibit B hereto, and which incorporates the terms and provisions of this Distributor Agreement. The Distributor shall not order or purchase Products from any source other than the Company. All orders shall be subject to acceptance and confirmation by the Company. Distributor may cancel an order that is properly cancelled by Distributor's customer, unless the Company has commenced production which is in any way customized for that customer. The Distributor shall annually provide the Company with a non-binding forecast of orders for Products for the succeeding 12-month period.

 2.2 Shipment. The Company and the Distributor shall jointly determine shipment dates. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ship promptly all orders for Products received from the Distributor. In addition to any other remedy which this Agreement provides to Distributor against Company, if Company fails to deliver or delays in delivering Products as were ordered by Distributor within 45 days after their required delivery date, and if as a result of such failure or delay Distributor loses its customer's orders for those Products, the number of units which Distributor ordered but were not timely delivered to Distributor or to Distributor's customer will be credited against Distributor's minimum expectation as specified on Section 1.6 of this Agreement. The Company may refuse to accept a purchase order on the grounds that it cannot meet the delivery schedule therein, and if as a result of such failure or delay Distributor loses its customer's orders for those Products, the number of units which Distributor ordered but were not timely delivered to Distributor or to Distributor's customer will be credited against Distributor's minimum. Distributor shall make reasonable efforts to notify the Company of the proposed delivery schedule before accepting a customer order and shall give the Company written notice of any customer purchase orders which imposes liability for late shipment and neither the Distributor nor the Company shall have a liability for consequential or liquidated damages pertaining to late delivery unless Company specifically acknowledges and agrees in writing to the same. The Distributor agrees that the Company shall not be liable for its failure to perform due to any occurrence beyond the Company's reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, fires,

 Page -4-

 floods, wars, sabotage, accidents in shipping beyond the Company's control, labor strikes other than strikes against the Company itself, weather conditions or foreign or domestic government regulation or authority which directly affects Company's ability to deliver Product.

 2.3 Delivery. Other than "drop ship" deliver