Exhibit 99.4 STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT "EDGE-FTE" THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") is entered into by and between EDGE Communications Solutions, LLC, with its principal place of business at 6505 Windcrest Drive, Suite 200, Plano, TX 75024 (hereinafter referred to as "EDGE"), and FTE Networks, Inc. with its principal place of business at 999 Vanderbilt Beach Road, Suite 601, Naples, FL 34108 (hereinafter referred to as "FTE" or "Subcontractor") sets forth the terms and conditions by which FTE will supply labor, materials, equipment, supervision and/or services for FTE's scope of work. FTE's work shall be identified in a purchase order, which if issued, will be issued subject to the terms of this Agreement ("Purchase Order"). Each Purchase Order, taken together with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, shall constitute a separate agreement between the parties and shall be considered independent of any other agreements between the parties that incorporate the terms and conditions of the Agreement. FTE agrees to perform its scope of work, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this in accordance with the terms and conditions of the respective issued Purchase Order(s). The Work, as defined below, is a portion of the services to be provided by for a communications service provider Mediacom, LLC (the "Customer"). 1. TERMS A. This Agreement shall remain in effect for the duration of the Initial Term, unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provision entitled "Termination of Agreement". After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a month to month basis until terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other setting forth the effective date of such termination. The termination of any Purchase Order shall not affect the obligations of either party to the other party pursuant to any other Purchase Order or to this Agreement. The termination of this Agreement shall terminate the obligations of either party to the other party pursuant to any Purchase Order and those obligations pursuant to this Agreement, except as to obligations that are identified herein or in a terminated Purchase Order as surviving termination. B. Should the Agreement expire during the period of performance, all remaining Work of each Purchase Order will be completed under the terms of the Agreement then in effect on the date of award for each respective Purchase Order, unless modified in writing by mutual consent of the parties. C. Prior to performing or providing the labor, materials, equipment and services required to complete the work described in a Purchase Order, if any, (the "Work"), Subcontractor must have a properly executed Agreement with EDGE, complied with all terms and conditions therein, including have submitted the required proofs of insurance. EDGE shall receive authorization from the Customer to approve Subcontractor as an approved vendor and to approve the Work terms and conditions of this Agreement if required to do so under Edge's contract with the Customer.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT "EDGE-FTE" Page 1

 2. SCOPE OF WORK A. Subcontractor shall perform work for EDGE referred to as "Route Feasibility & Site Acquisition," "Materials Management," "OSP Construction," and "Other Work" as outlined in the attached Exhibits A, B, C and D and as described and set forth in Purchase Orders. B. Descriptions of the Work to be performed by Subcontractor for EDGE shall be listed in a Purchase Order. EDGE engages Subcontractor to furnish the Work described in the Purchase Order. All Work under any Purchase Order shall be performed in a professional manner and in accordance with the applicable specifications and drawings. Purchase Orders, shall be issued and administered as set forth in Section 3 below. C. Unless otherwise provided in the Purchase Order, the Contractor shall provide and pay for materials, and other facilities and services necessary for proper execution and completion of the Work, whether temporary or permanent and whether or not incorporated or to be incorporated in the Work. 3. DISBURSEMENT OF PURCHASE ORDER A. Issuance of Work under this Agreement may be made from time to time by the issuance of Purchase Orders to Subcontractor. Purchase Orders, if any, shall reference and incorporate the terms and conditions of the Agreement which shall apply to all Work performed under the Purchase Order. B. Nonexclusive Rights. This Agreement is an as-ordered agreement between EDGE and Subcontractor, anticipating the potential but not promised issuance of Purchase Orders for specific work in amounts in excess of $20MM. 4. COMPENSATION & PAYMENTS A. All Work shall be performed on the basis of certain agreed upon prices specified in the related Exhibit or individual Purchase Order once accepted by Subcontractor. B. Payment. EDGE shall pay Subcontractor for Work completed in accordance with the related Exhibit or individual Purchase Order once accepted by Subcontractor. C. This Agreement shall not be construed as a "Pay When Paid" contract. EDGE's obligation to pay Subcontractor under this Agreement shall not be predicated upon the Customer approving or paying EDGE for the Work. D. Release and Waiver of Liens. Subcontractor will pay for all services, equipment, material and labor used under this Agreement and will keep EDGE' and Customer's property and work sites free of all claims or liens.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT "EDGE-FTE" Page 2

 (1) If Subcontractor fails to make payments to subcontractors, materialmen, or suppliers, of any tier, including but not limited to suppliers of labor, material, equipment or services or to union benefits funds (hereinafter "Lower-tier Subcontractors"), its employees or laborers in the performance of the Work, EDGE shall have the right to deduct or temporarily withhold out of payments due or to become due to Subcontractor, reasonable amounts to satisfy any claims, bonds, or liens against the Work site, to issue joint checks to (i) Subcontractor and (ii) its Lower-tier Subcontractors, employees or laborers, and any potential bond or lien claimant, as applicable, or to pay such claimant(s) to protect EDGE from any and all loss, damage and expense (including attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to a claim or lien by such claimant (2) Subcontractor agrees to indemnify and defend EDGE from and against any lien claims and to discharge any lien or furnish an indemnity bond equal to the lien amount (or any greater amount required by law) within ten (10) days notice from EDGE of the presence of any lien. E. Acceptance of any payment by Subcontractor shall not constitute a waiver of claims by Subcontractor except those previously made in writing and identified by Subcontractor as settled at the time of final invoice. 5. INDEPENDENT SUBCONTRACTOR RELATIONSHIP Nothing in this Agreement shall cause Subcontractor in any way to be construed as a partner or joint venture with, or an employee of, EDGE in connection with or arising from Subcontractor's rendering of Work to EDGE pursuant to this Agreement. EDGE retains Subcontractor only for the purposes and to the extent as set forth in this Agreement, and Subcontractor's relation to EDGE during the term of this Agreement shall be that of an independent contractor and nothing herein shall create or imply any other or different relationship. Subcontractor acknowledges that: (a) nothing herein constitutes the exercise by EDGE of control or direction over the manner or method by which Subcontractor will perform the Work, (b) Subcontractor is solely responsible for the withholding and payment of all federal, state and local income, social security and unemployment taxes, salaries, and other payments required to be made by it from funds received from EDGE hereunder, and (c) that EDGE is not required to and will not provide any worker's compensation or other insurance coverage of any nature, or any other unemployment, medical, dental, welfare or pension benefits to Subcontractor or any of its employees, associates or subcontractors. In addition, Subcontractor shall exercise full control of and supervision over its employees. Subcontractor acknowledges that its personnel (if any) performing Work are agents, employees or subcontractors of Subcontractor and are not employees or agents of EDGE. 6. SUBCONTRACTING A. Subcontractor shall be permitted to subcontract any part of the Work without the prior written notification and consent of EDGE. However, Subcontractor will follow subcontracting requirements and processes of EDGE and provide joint access to subcontractor database and information concerning quality control. All Work performed by a Lower-tier Subcontractor shall be deemed Work performed by Subcontractor. Subcontractor agrees not to hire any Lower-tier Subcontractor to whose employment EDGE reasonably objects.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT "EDGE-FTE" Page 3

 B. If the Work of any Lower-tier Subcontractor is unsatisfactory or unnecessarily delayed, or the Lower-tier Subcontractor violates any of the provisions of this Agreement, EDGE may request Subcontractor to terminate such Lower-tier Subcontractor and Subcontractor shall immediately terminate the agreement with its Lower-tier Subcontractors without any liability to EDGE whatsoever. Additionally, Subcontractor shall, at its cost, properly complete the Work within the required time or arrange for a capable subcontractor, approved by EDGE, to do so. 7. MODIFICATIONS AND CHANGES TO THE SCOPE OF WORK A. EDGE and Subcontractor, without invalidating this Agreement, may agree to changes in the Work consisting of additions, deletions, or modifications ("Change Order"), pursuant to a completed written change order documented by the parties. Such Change Order shall set forth any changes to the applicable Purchase Order and the price and time adjusted accordingly if any. In connection with the Change Order, EDGE will issue to Subcontractor a subsequent Purchase Order identifying any agreed upon change in the Work price and/or time. B. All modifications to the terms of this Agreement shall be by written Amendment signed by both parties or otherwise documented by the parties. 8. INSPECTION OF WORK As set forth in the Exhibit, EDGE shall have the opportunity to review and inspect all elements of the Work in a reasonable manner. EDGE shall have the right to require repair or replacement of any Work which is defective or not performed in accordance with the Purchase Order or deviates from other requirements of this Agreement, provided Subcontractor shall have until acceptance to complete such repair or replacement. Subcontractor shall be solely responsible for all construction means, methods, techniques, procedures and safety and security programs in connection with the performance of the Work. 9. INSURANCE A. Subcontractor shall obtain at its own cost and expense and maintain the insurance in full force and effect during the term of the Agreement as required herein. A copy of the (i) certificate(s) of insurance and (ii) endorsements, acceptable to EDGE, shall be submitted to EDGE prior to commencement of any Work and renewals or replacements of such certificates shall be so delivered at least 30 days prior to the expiration or termination of each such policy. A copy of the insurance policies shall promptly be made available to EDGE upon EDGE' request. Subcontractor expressly acknowledges while EDGE retains the right to review the insurance provided by Subcontractor and' Lower-tier Subcontractors, EDGE is not obligated to perform such review. In addition, EDGE exercise of such right is for EDGE' benefit alone and shall confer no rights to Subcontractor or to any third party. EDGE's acceptance of or failure to object to the submitted documents does not constitute approval of coverage that is not in compliance with this