Exhibit 10.18

MASTER SUPPLY AGREEMENT

MASTER SUPPLY AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") dated November 1, 2019 (the "Effective Date") between REYNOLDS CONSUMER PRODUCTS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with its headquarters at 1900 West Field Court, Lake Forest, IL 60045 ("Seller"), and PACTIV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with its headquarters at 1900 West Field Court, Lake Forest, IL 60045 ("Buyer"). Seller and Buyer are referred to individually at times as a "Party" and collectively at times as the "Parties".

BACKGROUND

A. Seller sells various types of products used in the consumer and food service markets.

B. Buyer sells various types of products, including certain products of the type made by Seller, to its customers.

C. The Parties are entering into this Agreement to establish the terms and conditions under which Seller may agree to sell specific products to Buyer, and Buyer may agree to purchase specific products from Seller for later resale by Buyer to its business customers.

AGREEMENT

1. Term. The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement. The rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement will survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement with respect to any (i) products purchased and sold under this Agreement during the Term and products sold after the Term for orders accepted during the Term; (ii) Confidential Information (as defined in Section 10 of this Agreement) disclosed or received by a Party during the Term; (iii) breach of this Agreement by a Party; (iv) any other statement, decision, act or omission of a Party concerning or related to this Agreement; (v) any Dispute (as defined in Section 11 of this Agreement) between the Parties concerning or related to this Agreement; (vi) products and other materials manufactured or maintained by Seller in inventory for sale to Buyer that Buyer is obligated to purchase under a Purchase Schedule; and (vii) any provision that expressly states that it will survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

2. Scope. This Agreement will apply to all products sold by Seller to Buyer, and all products purchased by Buyer from Seller, during the Term unless the Parties expressly agree that this Agreement will not apply to a particular type of transaction in a separate written document signed by an officer of each Party. This Agreement will not require Seller to sell any type or quantity of a product to Buyer, nor will this Agreement required Buyer to purchase any type or quantity of a product from Seller, except as expressly provided by the Parties in a Purchase Schedule. The phrase "Purchase Schedule" will mean a written supplement to this Agreement signed by an officer of each Party which references this Agreement and which identities, among other terms and conditions, the specific types and quantities of products that will be purchased and sold by the Parties on terms and conditions in the schedule, the specifications for the identified products, the duration of the commitment period during which the Parties will be obligated to purchase and sell the identified products on the terms and conditions in the schedule, the prices of the identified products, any mechanisms for adjusting the prices of the identified products over the commitment period, and the facilities at which the identified products will be manufactured, stored and delivered by Seller. The Parties may add terms and conditions to, and amend the terms and conditions of, this Agreement in a Purchase Schedule, but any additional and amended terms and conditions in a Purchase Schedule supplementing and modifying this Agreement will only apply the specific products identified in that Purchase Schedule for its duration.

Source: REYNOLDS CONSUMER PRODUCTS INC., S-1, 11/15/2019

3. Standard Operating Procedures. Over approximately the past eight years, the Parties have been supplying select Products to one another for use in the operation of their respective businesses within the United States of America, Canada and Mexico. The Parties developed and been following certain standard operating procedures in connecting with, among other topics, forecasting, production planning, ordering, delivering and resolving claims on the Products supplied to one another (the "Current SOPs"). The Parties will be updating their respective business systems over the next six months, and the updates to these business systems will require the Parties to modify the Current SOPs. Once the Parties have completed the updates to the business systems and agreed on the necessary modifications to the Current SOPs, the Parties will sign a written amendment to this Agreement appending the updated standard operating procedures (the "Updated SOPs"). Until the Parties have signed a written amendment appending the Updated SOPs, the parties will continue to follow the Current SOPs. The Parties will comply with the applicable SOPs in connection with the purchase and sale of products identified in a Purchase Schedule. The Parties may add terms and conditions to, and amend the terms and conditions of, the SOP in a Purchase Schedule, but any additional and amended terms and conditions in a Purchase Schedule supplementing and modifying the SOP will only apply the specific products identified in that Purchase Schedule for its duration.

4. Order and Priority of Interpretation. In the event of any conflict, inconsistency or ambiguity between two or more provisions in this Agreement, including the provisions in its Exhibits and Purchase Schedules, the provisions in the documents will govern, supersede and control over one another in the following order of priority: (1st) a Purchase Schedule with regards to the purchase and sale of the specific products identified in that Purchase Schedule for its duration; (2nd) the SOP; (3rd) any Exhibit to this Agreement but only with regards to specific subject matter of the Exhibit; and (4t h) the main body of this Agreement prior to the signature page.

5. General Representations, Warranties and Covenants. A Party represents, warrant and covenants on the Effective Date and at all times during the Term that: a. The Party is formed, registered, licensed and operating its business in compliance with the laws of the United States of America, its states and territories, and any districts, municipalities and other political subdivisions of the foregoing ("Applicable Laws"). b. The Party is operating its business in compliance with a commercially reasonable code of ethics adopted by such Party. c. The Party may enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement without being in conflict with, or in breach of, any other agreement of the Party. d. The Party is solvent, is capable of paying its debts as and when they become due and is paying its debts as and when due. e. The Party is not the subject of a criminal investigation nor a defendant in any criminal indictment, petition, complaint or proceeding that carries a potential sentence involving incarceration in excess of one year for any director or executive officer of the Party involved in the alleged criminal misconduct or a fine in excess of $100,000 USD.

A Party will promptly notify the other Party of any change in circumstance during the Term in which the Party is no longer in compliance with the foregoing general representations, warranties and covenants. An incident of actual, alleged or suspected non-compliance by a Party with a warranty under this Section being investigated, contested or corrected in good faith by the Party and which, regardless of outcome, will have no material adverse effect on the Party or its performance under this Agreement or on the other Party, will not be considered a breach of this clause. An incident of actual, alleged or suspected non-compliance by a Party of this Section or any other Section of this Agreement will be grounds for the other Party to demand adequate assurances of performance as provided by Section 2-609 of the Illinois Uniform Commercial Code. A Party will have ten (10) days to provide adequate assurances of performance to the other Party in a form acceptable to the other Party in its good faith discretion.

Source: REYNOLDS CONSUMER PRODUCTS INC., S-1, 11/15/2019

6. Specific Product Warranties. Seller represents and warrants to Buyer that each product sold under this Agreement will at the time of delivery to Buyer: a. Be in new, undamaged and unadulterated condition free of any defects in design, materials and manufacture. Seller is not making any representation or warranty under this clause with regards to the design of a product to the extent the design constitutes, incorporates or otherwise embodies intellectual property that Buyer has represented and warranted to Seller is owned by Buyer and which Buyer has licensed to Seller to manufacture the product for Buyer. b. Have been manufactured and stored by Seller at a plant (and, if applicable under a Purchase Schedule, a warehouse) of Seller approved in the applicable Purchase Schedule prior to its delivery to Buyer. c. Has been manufactured, packaged, labelled, sold and delivered by Seller, and may be sold by Buyer in interstate commerce, in compliance with Applicable Laws, including without limitation with food safety regulations issued by the United States Food and Drug Administration that are applicable to the product. Seller will not be in breach of this warranty because an Applicable Law prohibits, restricts or imposes a charge on a product in a district, municipality or other political subdivision of the United States of America or its states or territories. d. Comply with the written specifications for the product identified in the applicable Purchase Schedule. e. Be fit for the purpose of packaging, selling or use in consuming food subject to qualifications and instructions on the use of the product in the written specifications for the product identified in the applicable Purchase Schedule. f. Be conveyed by Seller to Buyer with good and marketable title free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims arising by, through or under Seller. g. Not infringe on any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other the intellectual property of any third-party registered or otherwise recognized and enforceable under Applicable Law. Seller is not making any representation or warranty under this clause with regards to the design of a product to the extent the design constitutes, incorporates or otherwise embodies intellectual property that Buyer has represented and warranted to Seller is owned by Buyer and which Buyer has licensed to Seller to manufacture the product for Buyer. h. Comply with any additional representations and warranties of Seller regarding the product in the applicable Purchase Schedule.

If a Buyer receives a product that fails to conform to these representations and warranties, the sole remedies of Buyer for the breach of warranty will be to: (1) reject and return the non-conforming product to Seller for a refund or credit, or a replacement conforming product, in the manner and time period provided in the SOP; (2) obtain reimbursement from Seller for actual, reasonable, substantiated out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Buyer in the recovery, return or disposal of a non-conforming product that is the subject of a mandatory product recall required under Applicable Laws or a voluntary withdrawal declared by Seller or approved by Seller (such approval not to be unreasonab