Exhibit 10.2 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT This Intellectual Property Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into on May 12, 2020 ("Effective Date"), concerning the pursuits set forth herein for the collective development, implementation and commercialization of a potential treatment for the COVID-19 virus and its effects on the human body (collectively referred to herein as the "Joint Venture") by and between: Marv Enterprises, LLC, a Limited Liability Company organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ("Marv"), Premier Biomedical, Inc. (OTC Pink: BIEI), a Nevada corporation ("Premier"), Technology Health, Inc. (OTC Pink: HALB), a Colorado corporation f/k/a Halberd Corporation ("THI"), Each shall be referred to as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties." RECITALS: WHEREAS, Marv is a single member LLC with Dr. Mitchell Felder as the sole member. WHEREAS, Premier is publicly traded on the Pink Sheets, trading symbol BIEI. WHEREAS, THI is publicly traded on the Pink Sheets, trading symbol HALB. WHEREAS, Marv is owner of U.S. Patent 9,216,386 and U.S. Patent 8,758,287 collectively referred to as the "Issued Patents". WHEREAS, Premier has an Exclusive License to the Issued Patents via an Agreement executed by Marv and Premier on May 12, 2010 ("2010 Agreement"). WHEREAS, Marv has subsequently filed numerous patent applications on subject matter related to the Issued Patents which are listed in Appendix A. WHEREAS, Marv and Premier expanded Premier's Exclusive License to include all the Applications listed in Appendix A via a Third Addendum to the 2010 Agreement executed by Marv and Premier on the Effective Date ("2020 Agreement"). WHEREAS, Marv has filed US provisional patent applications specifically related to methods of treatment for Covid-19 as starred in Appendix A (Covid-19 Applications) to which Premier has an exclusive license via the 2020 Agreement. WHEREAS, this Agreement contemplates the development of a methodology for the extracorporeal treatment of a patient's body fluid to treat Covid-19 (Field of Covid-19 Treatment). WHEREAS, the Parties are desirous of collaborating for the creation and distribution of products designed in the Field of Covid-19 Treatment (Covid-19 Licensed Products) WHEREAS, THI is desirous of exclusively licensing the Applications listed in Appendix A; WHEREAS, Premier is willing to assign its rights in the 2010 Agreement/2020 Agreement; WHEREAS, Marv in this Agreement gives its written consent for Premier to assign its rights in the 2010 Agreement/2020 Agreement to THI; NOW, THEREFORE, for good and adequate consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties covenant, promise and agree as follows: 1

 AGREEMENT 1. RECITALS. The Recitals are hereby incorporated herein by this reference, as if fully restated herein. 2. LICENSING. To the extent that terms in the 2010 Agreement/2020 Agreement are not contradicted or revised here, the terms as stated in 2010 Agreement/2020 Agreement remain in full effect, are controlling, and apply to THI licensing of the Applications in Appendix A and the Licensed Products derived therefrom. (a) License - THI is granted the following rights to the Applications in Appendix A and the Licensed Products derived therefrom: Scope. The licenses granted herein are exclusive worldwide licenses to: 1. make, have made, use, lease, sell and import Licensed Products for the legal purposes of researching, developing, manufacturing, assembling, distributing, and selling the Licensed Products; 2. make, have made, use and import machines, tools, materials and other instrumentalities, insofar as such machines, tools, materials and other instrumentalities are involved in or incidental to the research, development, manufacture, testing or repair of Licensed Products which are or have been made, used, leased, owned, sold or imported by the Licensee; and 3. convey to any customer of the Licensee, with respect to any Licensed Product which is sold or leased to such customer, rights to use and resell such Licensed Product as sold or leased by Licensee (whether or not as part of a larger combination); provided, however, that no rights may be conveyed to customers with respect to any Invention which is directed to (i) a combination of such Licensed Product (as sold or leased) with any other product, (ii) a method or process which is other than the inherent use of such Licensed Product itself (as sold or leased), or (iii) a method or process involving the use of a Licensed Product to manufacture (including associated testing) any other product. 4. Licenses granted herein are solely for products in the form sold by the Licensee and are not to be construed either (i) as consent by the Marv to any act which may be performed by the Licensee, except to the extent impacted by a patent licensed herein to the Licensee, or (ii) to include licenses to contributorily infringe or induce infringement under U.S. law or a foreign equivalent thereof. 5. The grant of each license hereunder includes the right to grant sublicenses to Related Companies for so long as it remains a Related Companies. Any such sublicense may be made effective retroactively, but not prior to the effective date hereof, nor prior to the sublicensee's becoming a Related Company. (b) Reports and Payments - For the above exclusive licensing rights, THI will pay for various costs associated with this Agreement. The costs listed below are to be hereinafter referred to as the "License Fee", to be paid by and through THI. The use of the License Fee is further broken down below: 1. $20,000, payable to Marv Enterprises, LLC or as it directs, which has already been paid into the account of Marv Enterprises, LLC at the Lynch Law Group 2. The total sum of non-paid invoices (estimated to be approximately $80,000) payable to Marv Enterprises, LLC, previously owed by Premier to Marv up until the effective date of this Agreement, payable in total by no later than July 20, 2020. 3. Reports. a . Within thirty (30) days after the end of each quarterly period ending on March 31st, June 30th, September 30th, or December 31st, commencing with the one-year anniversary of the effective date of this Agreement, THI shall furnish to Marv a statement certified by a responsible official of the Licensee showing in a manner acceptable to Marv: i. all Licensed Products which were sold, leased or put into use during such quarterly period by THI or any of its Related Companies, the gross sales received for the Licensed Products, and the Fair Market Values of such Licensed Products; ii. all services performed by THI or any of its Related Companies that directly or indirectly used Licensed Product, the gross sales received by the services, and the Fair Market Value of such services; 2

 iii. the amount of royalty payable thereon, and iv. if no Licensed Product has been so sold, leased or put into use or if no services have been performed, the statement shall show that fact. b. Within such thirty (30) days, THI shall pay in United States dollars to Marv at PO Box 1332, Hermitage, PA 16148, or other address provided by Marv, the royalties payable in accordance with such statement. Any conversion to United States dollars shall be at the prevailing rate for bank cable transfers as quoted for the last day of such quarterly period by leading United States banks in New York City dealing in the foreign exchange market. c. Overdue payments hereunder shall be subject to a late payment charge calculated at an annual rate of three percent (3%) over the prime rate or successive prime rates (as posted in New York City) during delinquency. If the amount of such charge exceeds the maximum permitted by law, such charge shall be reduced to such maximum. (c) THI further agrees to pay Intellectual Property Prosecution and Costs Applications in Appendix A directly to Marv. 1. Costs. THI shall reimburse Marv for all IP Costs incurred on behalf of THI, as well as pre-paid IP Costs incurred prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement, including the costs of provisional and non-provisional applications that are filed to preserve Intellectual Property. Reimbursement for pre-paid IP Costs shall be in accordance with 2 (b) 2 above. 2. Extension of Application. By written notice to Marv and at least ninety (90) days before the non-extendable due date for the filing of a national phase application of an Application, THI shall elect those countries or authorities in which it desires to file a patent application based on the Application. Intellectual Property rights in an unelected country shall revert to Marv. 3. Notice to Licensee. Before payment of any IP Cost, Marv shall notify THI for a time period being the lesser of (i) at least sixty (60) days before the IP Cost is due or (ii) as soon as is practicable after receiving knowledge of the IP Cost. The notice will identify (i) the Application or Patent, (ii) the country, (iii) the reason for the IP Cost, and (iv) the Due Date for payment. THI shall then affirm or deny payment. Affirmation of payment must be received by Marv within fourteen (14) days of the mailing date of the notice or the THI shall be deemed to have denied payment. a. If THI affirms a payment, THI shall reimburse Marv for all IP Costs arising from the payment and shall then retain its license for the Application or Patent in that country. b. If THI denies payment, THI shall have no obligation to pay IP Costs associated with the Application or Patent in that country, but the license and all associated rights for that Application or Patent shall revert to Marv. 4. Reimbursement by Licensee. THI shall prepay Marv for any affirmed IP Cost before payment is to be made by Marv. Marv shall have no duty to pay an IP Cost, whether affirmed or not affirmed, for which Marv does not receive prepayment. If THI does not pay Marv by the Due Date, the Application or Patent shall revert to Marv as if THI had denied payment under section 2(c)3. 5. Reversion of License. If a reversion occurs under this Article, the license in that country in which reversion has occurred will be terminated, and THI shall have no further right in the Application or Patent for that country. The right shall revert to Marv who will then have the right to pursue protection for the reverted Application or Patent. Marv has no further duty to THI for a reverted Application or Patent. 6. Applications. Defines as all applications of the United States and foreign countries, including Patent Cooperation Treaty applications that claim priority to the Applications listed in Appendix A, including any non-provisional applications, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, reissues, re-examinations or extensions thereof; and all applications including those applications filed in the United States or applications filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty on subject matter directly related to the Applications in Appendix A whether or not priority to said applications was claimed. (d) Royalty Payments. 1. Royalty payments are payable from THI to Marv Enterprises, LLC and will be in the amount of 5% of the Fair Market Value of: a. Licensed Product that is sold, leased or put into use by the THI or any Related Companies in the preceding calendar quarter; and b. any service performed by THI or any Related Companies that directly or indirectly uses Licensed Product. 3

 2. This License does not include a minimum annual royalty payable by THI to Marv. 3. Fair Market Value" means, with respect to any Licensed Product sold, leased or put into use, the Selling Price actually obtained in an arm's length transaction for a product comprising a Licensed Product in the form in which the product is sold, whether or not assembled and without excluding any components or subassemblies thereof which are included in such Selling Price. "Selling price" shall exclude: usual trade discounts actually allowed to unaffiliated persons or entities such a